Little beautiful woman
Knives and guns can't be moved casually
Easily fatal
Thank you, Mr. Li.
Ladies and gentlemen
My wedding is in three days
I won't sell fried noodles these days.
See you in three days.
Then you all come and drink my wedding wine
Where is Boss Li holding the wedding?
Brothers, go have a drink of your wedding wine too
I just ate your one-dollar fried noodles for so long
You get married
Brothers, whatever you say, you have to come and give you a gift.
OK
I'll tell the big guy at the place where it's set.
Remember to drink more red dates to replenish blood
Otherwise, yin deficiency and fire are easy to dye palace cold
Dysmenorrhea
Mr. Li
Is there anything else? The Hades of Eastern Europe are here
The building sends a death message to the wealthy families of the North
At that time, only Mr. Li could block his edge
Mr. Li, the head of state
I told you before.
I'm just an ordinary peddler
I can't help you.
If you don't help me
I'll definitely pester you, then I'll tell you
My fiancee is going to be a little witch
Be careful when he hits you